@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.4 2012/01/27 21:35:24 phessler Exp $
bin/marathon
share/alephone/
share/alephone/Marathon/
share/alephone/Marathon/M1A1 Images.imgA
share/alephone/Marathon/M1A1 Map.sceA
share/alephone/Marathon/M1A1 Preferences
share/alephone/Marathon/M1A1 Shapes.shpA
share/alephone/Marathon/M1A1 Sounds.sndA
share/alephone/Marathon/Marathon_Manual.pdf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alien.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/alienwep.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramo.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/arramoused.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/chip.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/enemy.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fill.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/fillshell.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/friendly.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamo.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/grenadeamoused.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_bar_lvl1.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_bar_lvl2.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_bar_lvl3.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_noradar_off.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_noradar_on.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_radar_off.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/health_radar_on.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/objective-indicator-full.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/oxygen_bar.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamo.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolamoused.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/pistolx2_idle.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/radar_screen.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_alien.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_flame.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_machinegun.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_pistol.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_plasma.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/ret_rocket.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel-icon.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_blue.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_green.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_orange.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_red.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_slate.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_violet.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_white.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/score-panel_yellow.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/skull.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramo.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/spnkramoused.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_ar.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_fusion.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_pistol.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_rocket.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_smg.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/w_tozt.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/720p/weapons.png
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Plugin.lua
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/Plugin.xml
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular SC.ttf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/Squarish Sans CT Regular.ttf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Enhanced HUD/squarishsans/SquarishSansCT.README
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/Plugin.xml
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/Marapfhont.README
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/Marapfhont.ttf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/URWGothicL-Demi.ttf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/URWGothicL-DemiObli.ttf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_b.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_bl.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_br.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_l.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_r.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_t.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_tl.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/frame_tr.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_b.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_bl.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_br.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_l.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_r.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_t.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_tl.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/list_tr.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider_c.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider_l.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/slider_r.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/theme2.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_b.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_bc.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_c.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_t.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/thumb_tc.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/tiny_button_c.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/tiny_button_l.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/Marathon Theme/resources/tiny_button_r.bmp
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/DON'T UNZIP ME - PUT ME IN PLUGINS FOLDER.txt
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/controlpanels01.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/controlpanels02.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/controlpanels03.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/controlpanels04.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/herringbone.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/rechargers01.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/rechargers02.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/rechargers03.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/rechargers04.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/rechargers05.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/rechargers06.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/special01.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/special02.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/special03.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/starscape.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/stripes.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/teleporter.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/terminal01.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/terminal02.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/terminal03.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/terminal04.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/terminal05.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/general/terminal06.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/grendel/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava05.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava06.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava07.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava08.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava09.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava10.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava11.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava12.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava14.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava15.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava16.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava17.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava18.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava19.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava20.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava21.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava22.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava23.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava24.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava25.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava26.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava27.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava28.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava29.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava30.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava31.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava32.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/lava/lava33.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor00.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor01.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor02.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor03.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor04.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor05.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor06.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor07.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor08.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor09.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor11.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor12.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor13.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor14.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor15.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor16.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor17.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor18.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor19.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor20.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor21.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor22.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor23.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor24.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor25.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor26.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor27.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor28.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor29.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor30.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor31.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor32.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor33.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor34.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor35.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor36.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor37.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor38.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor39.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor40.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor41.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor42.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor43.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor44.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor45.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor46.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor47.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor48.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pfhor/pfhor49.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/pid/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage05.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage06.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage07.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage08.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage09.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage10.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage11.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage14.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage15.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage16.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage17.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage18.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage19.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage20.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage21.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage22.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage23.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage24.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage25.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage26.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage28.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage29.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage30.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage31.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage32.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage33.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage34.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage36.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage42.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage43.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/sewage/sewage55.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water06.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water07.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water08.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water09.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water10.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water11.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water13.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water14.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water15.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water16.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water17.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water18.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water19.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water20.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water21.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water22.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water23.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water24.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water25.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water26.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water27.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water28.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water29.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water31.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water32.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water33.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water34.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/M1 Textures/water/water35.dds
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/Original - TXT.rtf
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/Plugin.xml
share/alephone/Marathon/Plugins/TTEP_v7/Textures M1.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Read Me M1A1.html
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/M1A1.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/dialog_sounds.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/monsters.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/scenery.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/settings.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Scripts/vidmaster.mml
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/aliensagain.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/chomber.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/fatman.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/flippant.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/flowersinheaven.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/freedom.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/guardians.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/landing.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/leela.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/newpacific.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/newpacific_reprise.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/rapture.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/rushing.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/splash_marathon.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/swirls.ogg
share/alephone/Marathon/Tracks/whataboutbob.ogg
